feat: improvements on glossary articles (#33413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/character/index.md

{{GlossarySidebar}}

> A **character** is either a symbol (letters, numbers, punctuation) or non-printing "control" (e.g., carriage return or soft hyphen). {{glossary("UTF-8")}} is the most common character set and includes the graphemes of the most popular human languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **character** is either a symbol (letter, number, punctuation) or a non-printing "control" (e.g., carriage return or soft hyphen). {{glossary("UTF-8")}} is the most common character set and includes the graphemes of the most popular human languages.
```
singular, so let's fix it since we're editing this ;)
